README.md, before:

# mic_stream: 0.2.1

[Flutter Plugin]
Provides a tool to get the microphone input as 8 or 16 bit PCM Stream

## About mic_stream:

As Flutter still lacks some functionality, this plugin aims to provide the possibility to easily get an audio stream from the microphone, using a simple java implementation [=> Android only, iOS Support planned in the future].

## How to use:

### Permissions

Make sure you have microphone recording permissions enabled for your project.
To do so, add this line to the AndroidManifest.xml:

`<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO"/>`

The plugin provides one method:

`Stream<List<int>> microphone({options})`

Listening to this stream starts the audio recorder
while cancelling the subscription stops the stream.

#### Example:

```
// Init a new Stream
Stream<List<int>> stream = microphone(sampleRate: 44100);

// Start listening to the stream
StreamSubscription<List<int>> listener = stream.listen((samples) => print(samples));
```

```
// Cancel the subscription
listener.cancel()
```

## Flutter

About Flutter Plugins:
https://flutter.io/developing-packages/

Flutter Documentation:
https://flutter.io/docs

Commit message:

feat: add ios support (#15)
Resolves #11

* add first version of swift plugin

* add permission_handler check for iOS

* add swift plugin

* add Flutter libs for permissions on iOS

* add checks for actual sample rate/bit depth

* add Android-side method channel for compatibility with iOS

* convert sampleRate and bitDepth to completers

* change buffer size

* add buffer size

* remove min target from manifest

* formatted mic_stream.dart according to dartfmt

* docs: update readme and changelog

* unused variable

Co-authored-by: Nick Fisher <nick.fisher@avinium.com>
Co-authored-by: Den <hsker@yandex.ru>

README.md, after:

# mic_stream: 0.4.0-dev

[Flutter Plugin]
Provides a tool to get the microphone input as 8 or 16 bit PCM Stream.

## About mic_stream:

As Flutter still lacks some functionality, this plugin aims to provide the possibility to easily get an audio stream from the microphone, using a simple java and swift implementation.

## How to use:

The plugin provides one method:

`Future<Stream<UInt8List>> MicStream.microphone({options})`

Listening to this stream starts the audio recorder
while cancelling the subscription stops the stream.

The plugin also provides information about some properties:

```
Future<double> sampleRate = await MicStream.sampleRate;
Future<int> bitDepth = await MicStream.bitDepth;
Future<int> bufferSize = await MicStream.bufferSize;
```

### Permissions

Make sure you have microphone recording permissions enabled for your project.
To do so, add this line to the AndroidManifest.xml:

`<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO"/>`

In the Info.plist:

```
<key>NSMicrophoneUsageDescription</key>
<string>Microphone access required</string>
```

#### Example:

```
// Init a new Stream
Stream<List<int>> stream = await MicStream.microphone(sampleRate: 44100);

// Start listening to the stream
StreamSubscription<List<int>> listener = stream.listen((samples) => print(samples));
```

```
// Cancel the subscription
listener.cancel()
```

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet.
[Feedback](https://github.com/anarchuser/mic_stream/issues) and
[Pull Requests](https://github.com/anarchuser/mic_stream/pulls) are most welcome!
